qrmenuarmenia.site Terms of Use and Conditions


1. Acceptance of Terms
By accessing and using qrmenuarmenia.site, you agree to comply with and be bound by these Terms of Use. If you do not agree to these terms, please do not use our platform.

2. Description of Service
If you are a representative of a cafe, restaurant, hotel or other local service point and have a cooperation agreement with us, have been previously registered by us as an administrator for your establishment, then qrmenuarmenia.site can provide you with the opportunity to view, add, modify and perform other advanced functionality for the menu provided to you by the establishment.
If you are a customer of any of these establishments, you may have the opportunity to view the list of offered products, rate our services through feedback, leave a tip if desired, and more. You may also have access to the features provided by our service, as long as they do not result in undesirable consequences for us.

3. Registration and Accounts
If you are a customer of any of these establishments, there is currently no registration option available for you on qrmenuarmenia.site. However, in the future, certain features may be added or modified, which may require you to register and create an account. You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your account information and password. You agree to provide accurate, up-to-date, and complete information during the registration process.

4. User Conduct
You agree not to use qrmenuarmenia.site for any unlawful purpose or in any way that might harm, damage, or disparage any other party. You agree not to interfere with the operation of qrmenuarmenia.site or any other user's enjoyment of the platform.

5. Subscriptions
qrmenuarmenia.site does not currently offer any subscription options. However, subscription options may be introduced in the future, and any changes related to them will be included in this Terms of Use section.

6. Service Terms and Conditions
If you are a representative of a café, restaurant, hotel, or another public service establishment and have a bilateral agreement with us, and you have been pre-registered by us as an administrator for your establishment, then qrmenuarmenia.site may grant you the ability to view, add, edit, and access other related functionalities for managing your establishment's menu.
If you are a customer of any of these establishments, you may have the opportunity to view the list of offered products, rate our services through feedback, leave a tip if desired, and more. You may also have access to the features provided by our service, as long as they do not result in undesirable consequences for us.

7. Privacy
Your use of qrmenuarmenia.site is also governed by our Privacy Policy. Please review our Privacy Policy, which explains how we collect, use, and disclose information that pertains to your privacy.

8. Termination
qrmenuarmenia.site has the right to terminate or suspend your account (if applicable) and access to the platform at our discretion, without prior notice and for any reason, including violation of these Terms of Use. Upon termination, your right to use qrmenuarmenia.site will be immediately revoked.

9. Limitation of Liability
qrmenuarmenia.site shall not be liable for any indirect, incidental, special, consequential, or punitive damages, or any loss of profits or revenues, whether incurred directly or indirectly, or any loss of data, use, goodwill, or other intangible losses, resulting from (i) your use or inability to use the platform; (ii) any unauthorized access to or use of our servers and/or any personal information stored therein.

10. Changes to Terms
qrmenuarmenia.site reserves the right to modify these Terms of Use at any time. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Terms of Use on the platform. You are advised to review these Terms of Use periodically for any changes. Changes to these Terms of Use are effective when they are posted on this page.

11. Contact Us:
If you have any questions about these Terms of Use, please contact us at by email samvel.arakelyan00@gmail.com
